Add get_incidents to CoreIR (#31333)
demisto/content: Packs/ApiModules/ReleaseNotes/2_2_21.md

#### Scripts
##### CoreIRApiModule

> Improved implementation by consolidating the shared command **get-incidents** between **CortexCoreIR** and **CortexXDRIR** into the shared module.

Reviewer: Users are not exposed to CoreIRApiModule and I think this comment is added to all packs that uses the API module
```suggestion
- Improved implementation of *xdr-get-incidents* by unifying similar code blocks.
```
